and to question the left
of rear view mirrors right for me
OK
look forward
so
so long
so there is not so much power children
it does not happen not to go down from third
the second is that it is very short
third initial save it
but no
to see the formula true is the formula
of dance
go day hey
in the morning for fool
where the left
investigating bestial
Look, I do not have time
braking generating first
perfect
but continuously
of metal with the course also it's your turn to
us things
from more
in stability traction controls
on the right
you are welcome
best of you
that's why it's good
things always happen but at the moment
I think nothing happened like that was
hearing with this post and with the morning
always small but against
on the agenda
of everything
but dry
very well I hope you have enjoyed
the experience